tonight I'm going to do another Indian
dish it is gonna be lamb vindaloo curry
and this comes from the southern part of
India it's one of the spiciest of
curries I love lamb and I'm just
experimenting with different Indian
dishes right now and we're going to give
this one a whirl of eating in
restaurants I know I like it there I
think I couldn't look it so let me show
you how we put the lamb vindaloo curry
together it's being blue going I've got
about three tablespoons I'm just some
cooking oil in there I'm gonna have five
Asian style
chopped up hot peppers put some meat to
this buy clothes and chopped up by
garlic 2 tablespoons of minced ginger
split right the end of this bro here and
three and a half tablespoons of Indian
half tablespoons of Indian curry paste
so that we flavored up a little oil
we're gonna add two pounds of cubed lamb
chops up
and then I just kind of confuse just a
while victory
and down this way I'm off for the few
minutes here you know come back and I'll
show you the next step
alright bound off this lamb flavours
coming off this are truly amazing so
what we're gonna do and a 7 ounce can of
tomato sauce to this and about a cup and
a quarter of water stir this together
turn the heat down on to a slow simmer
for about 40 minutes and lift that lamb
get nice and tender and then I'll show
you how we put the rest of this dish
together
wow this stuff is really starting to
smell good which add some smellorama on
here so I've taken 1 medium potato cut
it up put that into the brew along with
the spinach onion we're gonna stir this
up the lamb been cooking there for a
while turn this heat down simmer this
thing off for about a half an hour more
potatoes suck up some of this juice and
we'll be ready to plate this Indian
specialty curry dish up all right
there's the finished Indian lamb band
blue curry smells delicious it's gonna
taste fantastic I'm sure it's glinting
the ball she'll give me a like if you
like it just like what you see you might
want to subscribe to my channel I've got
a lot of unusual dishes up here follow
the link to my facebook page see some
more recipes up there tube and as always
thanks for watching
and Bon Appetit